At the start we got cards to be able to open the doors and Cahal introduced the programme to us and told us what we will be doing today. Then we did an office tour to see the place, it's very fancy and cool looking. I really liked it, my favourite place is the canteen because there's a lot of snacks. We got to go to our desks and log in to see if everything is working and play around with the laptops. We had lunch then a workshop on Agile. I didn't know what it meant or what it is but the workshop was very interesting and I liked it, it really made me think of my purpose and the meaning of agility/agile. We did a bit on the history of agile, true or false and at the end we were split into two teams, the villains and the heros. We made potato heads, a villain and a hero in teams to see what we did well and how we worked together in a team to build the potato head. We finished early today so it was a short and nice day.
Today we started with doing a Git Workshop. I had no idea what that meant but now I kind of understand it and how it works but it's so confusing at the start. It was very interesting to learn about it and we also did coding and micro-bit. My favourite part is lunch and playing games. We got so many breaks between the work and I ate a lot of snacks. We logged in to GitHub and learnt about what it is. We also created an account on it and pushed up our blogs on it. We did a lot of work, it made me feel so productive. I really enjoyed learning new things and being in a work environment.
Today we started by completing our blog from the previous day then we had a talk about "Women in Tech" so they told us about how they got to where they are now and their story. I found it interesting how wanting to be a chef then becoming a software engineer without being good at maths. I didn't know that being good at maths or not didn't matter in computing. It's also very inspiring but I think it wouldn't really be my thing as I've always wanted to be a doctor or surgeon. It could be a career idea or a plan B but I wouldn't put it as my dream job or future career. We had a break between workshops and lunch was fun, we played Nintendo. After lunch we had a workshop on AI, we learnt about what it is and how to make it. I found that very interesting because it was different to what I already knew about AI and different to other workshops I did before. For the rest of the day we did team building, I had no clue what that is at the start, we were put into two group and we had to make a roller coaster with at least one loop. It was very competitive between the two teams on who will win and which one will be better. It was exhausting to do all that work and the pressure of finishing it today made me feel like I will stay there till 7pm. We worked in a team to plan it out and used agile from the other workshop we did previously to complete the roller coaster. We all made it and our team won whcih made me feel a sense of achievement. I really liked what we did today but it was tiring.
Today we finished our blogs from the last day and then we had breakfast, there was eggs, rashers, sausages, pastries and other things which were nice. We played pool and I was horrible at it because I never played it before and it was my first time, I had fun doing that. We learnt about cloud computing whcih was interesting and I learnt new things. I really liked listening to the interns talk about how they got to where they are now and what their job is. We had lunch and played Nintendo which was fun! After that we had a workshop on Python. I thought it would be about Python and I already did that so I expected this workshop to be boring and about things I already knew but I was definitely wrong because it's so different and not what I knew. It's very different and there's so many new things to learn in it. It's very interesting, doing all these new things and listening to talks about the careers in Tech really makes me consider it as a future career especially with the flexibility of the job itself.
Today was the last day and the best day this week. We made car robots that had controllers and you could play with the. We had pizza for lunch and it was actually delicious! We played Mario kart and chatted together. After lunch we wer practicing for the car race to see which team will win, I was in a team withAarya and LK, Laura and Saorse were together and Megan and Lea were in the other team. I am a very competitive person and so are all the other girls here so it was very excitibg to race with our cars and see who will win. We went in a circle to say what we liked and did not like about this week and then had the car race. Alex tricked us and made us race in the opposite direction to the one we practiced so I made him do the race in that direction in return. Our team won which made me feel happy that we finished like that. I loved this week and it made me pick computer science as a Leaving Cert subject which I would have never thougt of. I would love if there was another programme I could do in 5th year in Red Hat!
